# Requirements of the platform

## User Management 
* People registering in users
* User have different roles depending to the projects they have joined
* Users need profiles. Actions within a project are depend on information in the profile and given project role

## Projects
* Projects have at least one member, can have more than one. 
* Projects have at least one administrator, can be more
* Projects have members
* Projects can have subprojects with the same feature set as its parent project but other members (at least less as the mainproject)

## Donations
* Donations from different sources (Bankaccounts, Paypal, Bitpay, Stripe and others) need to be mapped to different projects, regardless of the origin
* ammount of donations must be displayed within a project.
* Name, Email and address of donor will only be shown to the CCT as long as the donor does not consent for giving email and name to the project donated to. 
* Not spend donations must be shown as available funds
* Incoming donation shall have a payment code generated by the donation website or widget.
* Incoming donations without a payment code should be assigned automatical to the correct project if possible. 
* Donors will receive a donors receipt according to German tax law. The creation needs to be automated. 

## Budgeting
* Within a project (as well as subprojects) a budget can be installed. The available funds are the maximum which can be allocated within a budget
* Budgets consists of different spending groups (e.g. travel expenses, organising events, server costs, personell costs...)
* Allocating budget can be done by certain yet to be difende user roles.
* Users with a certain role may propose budgets which need to be confirmed by certain yet to be defined roles.
* A project can give funds to a subproject OR other projects
* Allocated budget can only be changed by certain yet to be defined roles.

## Bills
* The CCT will sell certain goods (Shirts, Stickers, Posters, etc.)
* The prize will be split between the CCT and the project the good origins from.
* The purchase price will be taken from the budget of the project
* There need be be bills for sold goods

## Accounting for taxation
* All incoming and outgoing money need to be reflected within the Accounting
* The ammount the CCT takes from every donation will not be shown within the project
* Shifting money between projects needs to be reflected within the accounting

## Contract Management
* The CCT will enter engagements on behalf of the project if there is a. a budget allocated or enough free money. 
* The contract will be shown within a preoject to users with a certain yet to specified user roll with the following data entered by the CCT:
  * Purpose of the contract (e.g. rent for office space, server rent, ...)
  * Begin of contract
  * End of contract
  * Latest date it can be renewed _or_ cancelled before a new period starts.
  * A contract not 
  * How long in advance does it need to be cancelled
* a contract binds money either from an allocated budget or free money.
* The moment the CCT engages a contract for a project the money will be taken from a projects budget or their free money and can not be re-allocated by anyone except the CCT.

